Welcome back.
Remember how I said the tri cash bloc was only for synchronous code and we used the DOT catch for our
asynchronous code using promises.
Well because async await although asynchronous makes our code look synchronous we can actually use try
catch blocks with them.
And that's the way we handle errors and catch errors or exceptions using async await.
Let me show you what I mean.
I can create an async function here we don't need to call it anything.
And in here we'll have a try catch block will simply await a promise that lets say rejects with our
whoopsie air and in the error block we will catch that error using console that log error and let's
see what happens with another piece of code that goes like this says is this still good.
All right.
If I run this function we have to assign this function to something or name it.
Well instead of just assigning it to a variable and calling it again we can just do and immediately
invoked function.
So I can just wrap it in brackets so it's an expression and then immediately invoke.
If I run this look at that I get whoopsie as an error which gets caught and well.
Is this still good.
Gets run because it's after the try catch block so we're able to handle asynchronous code and rejections
in similar ways that we've done with synchronous code because of the async await keyword how nice is
that and we can use the same feature that we had before we can have nested try catch blocks if we wanted
to if we had let's say a another promise that rejects with whoopsie number one and see number two.
And if I click Run well as soon as one of them airs remember we just go to the cache block.
If I have a resolved promise and I run this well we see that UPC number two gets caught by the year
and because the code looks synchronous now it does help with error handling and because you need to
use a try catch block with a finally or try the runtime will actually give you an error to remind you
that hey you should be using the cache block.
The only gotcha with async await is that it's very easy to just forget to wrap it in a try catch block
so that these errors just don't get caught if we use this in our node
runtime and I click Run.
Luckily for us gives us the on handle promised rejection warning but once again you want to make sure
that you wrap your async await code in a tri cache block.
All right.
Nice and easy.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye.